<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:core="http://java.sun.com/jsf/composite/core"
>
  <h:body>
 	<ui:composition template="/template/templateResponsive.xhtml">
		<ui:define name="title">Production Database</ui:define>
		
		<ui:define name="main">
			<h1>Touring Database</h1>
			<p>
			This is the production and touring database for <a href="http://www.theactingcompany.org">The Acting Company</a>. 
			The website is designed to provide touring information in a digital format so that it
			can be easily accessed from the road. As we all know, things can change rapidly so hopefully
			this will help keep us all in one place.
			</p>
			<p>
			Please remember that our company managers (Joseph and Ken) are the final authority on 
			scheduling and this website might be slightly out of date. If you require a logon or 
			have a suggestion to improve this site please contact 
			<a href="mailto:dchapman@theactingcompany.org">Daniel Chapman</a>.
			</p>
		</ui:define>
		
		<ui:define name="left">
			<h2>Current Season</h2>
			<ul>
				<li>Of Mice and Men</li>
				<li>As You Like It</li>
			</ul>
		</ui:define>
		
		<ui:define name="center">
			<h2>Useful Links</h2>
			<ul>
				<li><a href="http://www.google.com">Google Docs - PDFs</a></li>
				<li><a href="calendar.xhtml">Calendar</a></li>
			</ul>
		</ui:define>
		
		<ui:define name="right">
			<h2>Updates</h2>
			<ul>
				<li>
					<h4>Venues</h4>
					Documents are not integrated into the file-system. Currently they are 
					hosted on Google-Docs and are under a "manual" version control. Please be careful
				</li>
				<li>
					<h4>Contacts</h4>
					Contacts can now be searched via the table for quick location and editing. The page
					still has a very long load time and this is being investigated. 						
				</li>
			</ul>			
			<h2>Known Bugs</h2>
			<ul>
				<li>
					<h4>Calendar</h4>
					The calendar has a severe load time and a couple bugs when removing performances/events. 
					A reload of the schedule will fix this, the logic works on the back-end.	
				</li>
				<li>
					<h4>Help Disabled</h4>
					The help system is currently disabled.	
				</li>
			</ul>
		</ui:define>
 	</ui:composition> 	
  </h:body>
</html>